I think one of my feelings, certainly I was very welcomed to the village from the word go, but that was nice.
And a lot of people reached out to me.
And I think reaching out when you go into new communities is a two way traffic.
Often people come in and say, oh, they're not very friendly, not very strange, you know, they don't bother me or whatever.
But it's a two way traffic. You have to be kind to people and they will generally speak and respond very well.
And that was certainly a feature that I felt and was very quickly made, made friends in the village who you felt that you'd known all your life and always been part of.
So there was that sort of community feeling which was extended to people coming into the village.
Everybody is welcome. And it's a great pity that in the current context, of course, we cannot do the social events.
So we're missing out on things like the carol service, which always attracts all the people going round the village carol singing, children's Christmas party, harvests, just lunch in the hall or whatever.
But there's a whole lot of things where people had the opportunity to come together.
And I think we probably all miss that.
Not a great frequenter of the union, but that's another social part of the village, which cannot function at the moment.
And I think we do all miss that.
I had a lot of contacts with the people, of course, through the church.
I do quite a few things for the churches in this neck of the woods.
But again, you can't be doing that much at the moment either.
So I got to know a lot of people in this part, not only in the village here, but around Radnyshire within quite a radius of this because I was fortunate to frequently got asked to go to talk to them about various things.
And meet people through that.
We are low density of population and tend to feel that you know people from miles around, I think quite quickly get to know lots of people because there aren't actually lots of people to get to know.
It's much easier than in a town situation.
And everybody speaks and everybody is friendly.
That is one of the things that weighs against some of the disadvantages of living here.
Six miles from the nearest main roads.
Somebody ingested to me while ago, have you got your bus pass yet, which I can take both ways.
There's no point in six miles to the nearest bus stop.
And so these are disadvantages.
But the advantages in the community are great.
Again, in the situation with the COVID, we are lucky we can walk miles, not see anybody.
We almost but not quite live in isolation anyway.
So yeah, we've got a lot to be thankful for.